I hope I can help
Life may be evoked legally in Cyrdale, but few of them will explicitly admit to practicing it now that it has been banned by the Guild of Masons
Good-bye
You may rest in peace
Olyfy
Play Video Games
See someone else playing video games
That's right! We will join you now, you guys
Leiser
Here it is
Do you have an idiot, to what degree of folly can it become?
Come on, you guys are doing this for years, why do not I appreciate it
Opelphion is a double point
This game is God's gift to us
Thanks Todd Howard, thank you
Funny fact! Todd Howard was at the chess club
Nothing laughs like this
So
Let's start now
The second video was deleted if anyone wondered what happened to it
But we have tons of Olimpin Mims
Thanks to Becky he seems to have taken it himself without his help to revive this game
what happens?
Stop! If you break the law you have to pay a fine or face your current stolen crime
If I push your blood !!
This is awesome
This game is very good I have not played this game
But I know I love her
That's all I know
Todd Howard, God bless your soul
Obviously they were very ambitious with this title and that's what makes them so beautiful
I've been writing games since I was 12 years old
And
The rest of the kids were saying they would play in the middle of the cowboy club
and I say
I will make video games and everyone will play them
Hey idiot! Go back to the chess club
Who is laughing now?
Yes I was in the chess club
Hhahahahahahaha
Who is laughing now?
I like how confident it seems and then do not trust it for a moment
"Who's laughing now?"
"Yes, I was in the chess club" (with a faint voice)
May God bless you
I'm Rana Bryant, I love dogs! Does not everyone love them?
Biodes: Everyone loves them
EBay
* Kills the dog *
Hahahaha
How to get this perfect timing
Only in Opelvin
"I'm Rana Burnett one thing you need to know about me I love dogs"
"Does not everyone love them?"
How this happened!
In most of the games these days all of the curvature and hide
Wait for the enemy to come and then wait for the right moves
So much patience he is very bored
Nothing is described as a real action movie
Nothing like the Matrix movie for hundreds of thousands of millions
Such as the Battle of Oplevin
you are pathetic
Take this!
Damn, when they fail in the long run
But you have to go to the nearby distances
"you are pathetic"
Beware of this fire
Now is not this surprising!
There is no sign of them
They do it a lot at SkyMar to be honest, but they do it a lot
Just kill someone right away. There is no sign of it. I think he went
"Scythian anger"
Oh My God
what happens!
Do everyone have a shoulder dislocation? What is going on?
what the hell
Todd Howard and Iguick in the shower at the Fleetwood Mac concert
"It's true that I am!"
"Bethesda Todd Howard"
"Hurry, I know you told me not to come"
"After we bought SkyMax for NexBOX, I said you concluded"
"At least let me defend my case"
"Did you know?"
"The Fall Out 4 is a great game!"
"It does not bear time lobe"
"Do you like this?"
No, I can not be sorry
I will save this for later.
"Yes, really, great hero!"
"Is there anything you need?"
"I can carry your weapon, polish your shoes!"
You might shoot in the air. Oh, is it classic?
"Oh Gee, are you sure?"
"Well, I'll be hanging around arena yards if you need someone to share the land you walk on"
Absolutely beautiful, certainly wonderful!
Oh my God
*Laughter*
I've just broken his back, he's okay, he's fine, he's going all the time, he's doing it all the time!
what happens ?
This game is very confusing, I think that's why it's fun
"You see someone who walked in the past only now"
"Well, if I catch him scream bastard stole from me"
*Laughter*
Are these Americans trying to do like the Northern Accent? , Is this how you see us? , Huh?
Racism! (Mimics), have you seen anyone in the sight of everyone do you see this guy there?
Health
You know that the action is very exciting in Opelvin and Skirm, of course
But nothing tempts me and engulfs me like a dialogue that makes me feel like part of the world
It seems like real dialogues, real people, true communication!
"How are you doing?"
"I've been better, I hope things get better."
Oh
EBay
"Welcome"
"How are you today?"
"IAM fine what about you?"
"I'm fine, what other parts of Timrell's news"
"Nothing, I love to talk about it"
"good bye"
At first, I thought he was the same guy just talking to himself
But it is clear that the same voice actor of these two people interact, "I have been better how are you better?"
It's as long as the same person or something like that, it's incredible! I have already offered this shot, but it is very funny
This man absolute absolute risk to society
"I do not know you and do not care to know you"
Are they testing this game at all?
Well, thank you, this is I'm literally in school with everyone
I do not know you and I do not care about your knowledge, thank you Pat, the voice of acting is just to make mistakes
"Lady Embernox hired a new captain, Lady Embernox hired a new captain of the"
*Laughter*
He really looks like him
Would like to do this I know he did
"Nature guards under my feet!"
"I mean things that will curse you or they may call you a bear to rip you down!"
Wow it's great to see a game ..
Speak clearly!
I feel like I'm talking to a real person!
Do not you feel it too !?
Press IK if you feel it too!
Thanks!
It's something ..
An innovative video game
The characters will remember their interactions with you
Such as "Lord of the Rings"
This really does not include the O'Levian
Opilivan actually lives for his name
Because all the characters were really losing their memory
"I'm the captain in the castle"
"The Dion is the captain of the village"
"It's simple, I do not care what happens to the village, it's a debt business"
"Bai"
"You gray fox!"
"You are under arrest for ... for all kinds of crimes, you are dead or alive!
"I'll make a captain for this!"
Awh wonderful!
"A man fell!"
He's just a captain who wants to become captain!
very sad
"I just ask enough to feed my children"
"Thank you, dear man!"
Bless you because you pressed for the video!
Thank you, dear man!
*Fight*
"I was here just a second ago!"
"You, I have seen you before, you have blood in your hand!"
"Keep your blade, you bastard bastard!"
"And I will not throw you down myself!"
"Stay safe, citizen !, It's scary times!"
You just killed someone! How do you do this!
"Keep distance"
*Explosion*
Damn, you will get such games
I doubt it!
Owner or your life!
"You're smarter than you look"
He seems fair, does he have braids in his hair?
"Take it, it's nothing to me anyway"
All the video is about me and I say (damn, I'm laughing)!
how did that happen!
Do you see, this person is exposed to existential necessity after being stolen from him
He earns money from stealing others and is just being robbed!
He can not say you're wrong because he did worse
I mean yes he calls us useless, is not it?
Because he compares our lives with money
"Take it, it's nothing to me anyway"
Yes, he is a little sad
But of course the top cake
Cake of cake
The cake inside the cake
Guardians of course!
Nothing beats artificial intelligence everywhere
Opelivan is truly a king of artificial intelligence, he can not be smarter than that
"What is that"
*Laughter*
"Stop"
Very skillful
"Stop you, you criminal!"
"No one breaks the law in my presence"
"I will confiscate the things you stole!"
"Now pay the fine or you will be jailed!"
"Then pay with your blood!"
Do you wear mascara?
....
It's the damn game
My God
I can not distinguish
It continues!
One has to stand!
"Live emperor"
"what happens!"
"It's over, you broke laws!"
"Your enjoyment is nearing completion!"
"You will take all the stolen goods that you have"
"Next step for you"
"Pay your love or drag you away!"
"Then pay with your blood!"
I'm done!
I have highland!
* Plating *
We improved this all
Subscribe to Bacon Channel
I will put his channel link under
He is still uploading such videos
I could not lift this video without him
And frankly
It's so funny
I..
It 's kind of weird because I feel that I do not have to play the game
Because I have a prediction that all the interactions will be like this
It's all I've ever seen about the game
But if you want me to play the game, I'll be excited and be fun
I do not know, but if you liked the video press
And I'll see you tomorrow
I wish this video was fun I'm sure it was already
Thank you very much for your safety (ProFest)
:)